
test plan
in list Duel dou testing
Description
Edit
overview

test the functionality of Duel Dou

link

(http://localhost:4000/)

Test criteria

button functionality
dueling process
styling is user friendly
Entry criteria

computer with internet connection
browser that can access link above
Exit criteria

all high priority test are passing
Other details

site is designed for mobile environment




Test Case: user navigation - smoke/sanity Test
in list pasted testing
Description
Edit
Description
Smoke/high level test to verify that the user can navigate around the site

Steps

Navigate to duel duo
click on the see all bots to see all the possible cards and there stats before dueling, click on draw button to draw 2 cards of your choosing, when done scroll to bottom of page click duel button, your cards and apposing teams cards will be shown and a winner will be determined. score should be shown of wined vs loses.
see all bot button should show all bot cards that could possibly be drawn.
‌

Activity
Show details
Write a comment…
shehr niazi 6 hours ago
Date: 1/23/23
Name : Shehrbano Niazi
Results: test has failed. on 2 accounts
OS: windows
Browser: google chrome


2 failed tests- criteria's not met
in list failed testing
Description
Edit
failed test

on the homepage in the middle of the screen the blue see all bot button dose not allow used to click and see all bot cards.
on the home page click the draw button it should take you to a screen where you ca choose 2 bots to fight with after choosing the bots. click the button on the bottom of the page. it should show you the opposing team and your team. them it will determine who is the winner. play until you have one win and one lose. the wins and loses are kept track of but notice when you win it id accounted for as a loss instead of a win
‌


2 buggs reported
in list bugg report
Description
Edit
on the homepage in the middle of the screen the blue see all bot button dose not allow used to click and see all bot cards.
on the home page click the draw button it should take you to a screen where you ca choose 2 bots to fight with after choosing the bots. click the button on the bottom of the page. it should show you the opposing team and your team. them it will determine who is the winner. play until you have one win and one lose. the wins and loses are kept track of but notice when you win it id accounted for as a loss instead of a win